feat(CTARD-89): Governance Design Overview docs (#181)
mia-platform/documentation: docs/development_suite/governance/design-overview.md

---
id: design-overview
title: Design Overview
sidebar_label: Design Overview
slug: "/development_suite/governance/design-overview"
---
## What is the Design Overview

The Design Overview is a rich set of visualization tools accessible from the Company Section through the button next to Company name and the utility is provided under the url `$HOSTNAME_CONSOLE/tenants/:tenantId/governance/design-overview`.  
:::caution
In the url, the terms tenants and tenantId refer to the actual companies and companyId new terms. The tenant term is deprecated and will be removed soon
:::

Through this tool, the governing entity of the company can have a graphical overview of the global configuration and cross-projects resources for CRUD's collections, Endpoints and Microservices.

![Company Overview Button](img/go-to-company-overview.png)
### Homepage

The Homepage tab is opened by default on clicked event and contains the following view types:

> * *Default Views* - A predefined set of read-only views configured at Company level. All Company users can access these views, modifications (edit/delete) are not allowed, default filters and thresholds are configured into the Design Overview backend service;

Author: Added the list of default views

* *Name*: Name of the Microservice.
* *Project*: Project of the Microservice.
* *Type*: Type of the Microservice.
* *Replicas*: Number of replicas of the Microservice.
* *Docker Image*: Docker image of the Microservice.
* *CPU Request*: CPU Request of the Microservice.
* *CPU Limit*: CPU Limit of the Microservice.
* *Memory Request*: Memory Request of the Microservice.
* *Memory Limit*: Memory Limit of the Microservice.
* *Log Parser*: Log Parser implementation of the Microservice.
* *Advanced Configuration*: Advanced Configuration flag of the Microservice.

An example is in the following picture.

![Microservices](img/microservices.png)

## Main functionalities

### Sorting

If a column has the sort symbol ![Sort](img/sort-symbol.png) means that the Endpoint Overview output can be sorted corresponding features by clicking on the table header.

![Sort](img/sort.png)

### Filtering

All the Resources can be filtered by the filtering feature using the specific `Add Filter` button. By applying filters only the Resource's rows satisfying the chosen filters will be shown.

![Project filter](img/filter-popup.png)  

> When the filters are applied they are shown as chips giving the information on the filtered data and the possibility to remove the filter through the specific `X`. In the following example, we are filtering for the endpoints that have *Mark* or *Bob* as the owner but do not require Authentication nor the API-Key. 

Author: Added Security section

---
id: design-overview
title: Design Overview
sidebar_label: Design Overview
slug: "/development_suite/governance/design-overview"
---
## What is the Design Overview

> The Design Overview is a rich set of visualization tools accessible from the Company Section through the button next to Company name and the utility is provided under the url `$HOSTNAME_CONSOLE/tenants/:tenantId/governance/design-overview`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Design Overview is a rich set of visualization tools accessible from the Company Overview section and whose utility is provided under the URL `$HOSTNAME_CONSOLE/tenants/:tenantId/governance/design-overview`.  
```

:::caution

> In the url, the terms tenants and tenantId refer to the actual companies and companyId new terms. The tenant term is deprecated and will be removed soon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the URL, the terms tenants and tenantId refer to the actual companies and companyId new terms. The tenant term is deprecated and will be removed soon
```

:::

> This tool aggregates Resources from all Projects across the Company into a single table, providing users with filtering and sorting capabilities. Users can easily search, sort, and filter Endpoints, Microservices, and CRUDs collections, and save custom views for easy access and sharing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Design Overview you can aggregate Resources from all Projects across the Company into a single table, providing users with filtering and sorting capabilities. Users can easily search, sort, and filter Endpoints, Microservices, and CRUDs collections, and save custom views for easy access and sharing.
```

![Company Overview Button](img/go-to-company-overview.png)
### Homepage

The Homepage tab contains the list of resource views. They can be of two types:
* *Default Views* - A predefined set of read-only views configured at Company level. All Company users can access these views, modifications (edit/delete) are not allowed, default filters and thresholds are configured into the Design Overview backend service;
* *Public Views* - A set of user-defined editable views configured at Company level. All Company users can access these views, modifications (edit/delete) are allowed only for Project Administrator and/or Company Owner roles.

An example is in the following picture.

![Homepage](img/homepage.png)

> #### Default Views
> The Design Overview provides the following Default Views out-of-the-box:
> * *Undocumented Endpoints* - shows the endpoints from all Projects of a Company without any documentation; 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Default Views

The Design Overview provides the following Default Views out-of-the-box:
* *Undocumented Endpoints* - shows the endpoints from all Projects of a Company without any documentation; 
```

![Endpoints.png](img/endpoints.png)

### Microservices

The Microservices Overview provides the user with a graphical cross-project overview of all the Microservices.

The Microservices Overview collects data on the project configuration and creates a table presenting information on all the Microservices, where each row shows:
* *Name*: Name of the Microservice.
* *Project*: Project of the Microservice.
* *Type*: Type of the Microservice.
* *Replicas*: Number of replicas of the Microservice.
* *Docker Image*: Docker image of the Microservice.
* *CPU Request*: CPU Request of the Microservice.
* *CPU Limit*: CPU Limit of the Microservice.
* *Memory Request*: Memory Request of the Microservice.
* *Memory Limit*: Memory Limit of the Microservice.
* *Log Parser*: Log Parser implementation of the Microservice.
* *Advanced Configuration*: Advanced Configuration flag of the Microservice.

An example is in the following picture.

![Microservices](img/microservices.png)

## Main functionalities

### Security

Resources displayed in both the Default and Public Views are protected by user permissions: the user only sees Resources of the Projects he has access to..

### Sorting

> If a column has the sort symbol ![Sort](img/sort-symbol.png) means that the Endpoint Overview output can be sorted corresponding features by clicking on the table header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a column has the sort symbol ![Sort](img/sort-symbol.png) it means that the Endpoint Overview output can be sorted corresponding features by clicking on the table header.
```

![Sort](img/sort.png)

### Filtering

All the Resources can be filtered by the filtering feature using the specific `Add Filter` button. By applying filters only the Resource's rows satisfying the chosen filters will be shown.

![Project filter](img/filter-popup.png)  

> When the filters are applied they are shown as chips giving the information on the filtered data and the possibility to remove the filter through the specific `X`. In the following example, we are filtering for the endpoints that have *Mark* or *Bob* as the owner but do not require Authentication nor the API-Key. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the filters are applied, they are shown as chips giving the information on the filtered data and the possibility to remove the filter through the specific `X`. In the following example, we are filtering for the endpoints that have *Mark* or *Bob* as the owner but do not require Authentication nor the API-Key. 
```

:::info

> The filters applied over the same column follow an OR logic, which means that the filter shows all the rows that match at least one of the filters, instead the filters applied over different columns follow an AND logic which means that an endpoint must satisfy all the columns filters in order to be shown. In the following example the filter can be read like this:   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filters applied over the same column follow an OR logic, which means that the filter shows all the rows that match at least one of the filters. Instead, the filters applied over different columns follow an AND logic, which means that an endpoint must satisfy all the columns' filters in order to be shown. In the following example, the filter can be read like this:   
```
